Is it possible to keep the bottom of the frames from going too far down on a page?

Need book on eating wild foods
Target Education chapter on specific proposition or problem?

As for what specific problem this addresses, the idea is that, first of all, we are over-dependent on other people doing the educating, when it is not at all necessary.  In addition, the modern system simply isn't working well, nor does there seem to be a within-system solution.  Therefore, we should consider stepping outside and looking for a system for ourselves.

Check dashes - -- --- and the UTF-8 equivalents
Point people to website for more information
Put in "Other Microsecessions" chapter - Energy (electricity and gasoline), politics, entertainment, news
Make sure bible references are uniform
Check "nomorechanges" docs for strikethroughs that may not have been handled appropriately
On "nature" principle, mention that being with nature gets us closer to God's handiwork and nature
What about protecting silver in your home?
A good finally?
Spiritualize each of the principles?
getrichslowly.org
Mention knitting
Two Income Trap book -- mention that part of the problem is that the vaule of the money is going down
When Money Dies book?



Despair does not lie in being weary of suffering, but in being weary of
joy. It is when for some reason or other the good things in a society no
longer work that the society begins to decline; when its food does not
feed, when its cures do not cure, when its blessings refuse to bless. We
might almost say that in a society without such good things we should
hardly have any test by which to register a decline; that is why some of
the static commercial oligarchies like Carthage have rather an air in
history of standing and staring like mummies, so dried up and swathed
and embalmed that no man knows when they are new or old. 
-- Chesterton, Everlasting Man


PUT IN BLOG
Note - when buying gold/silver, pay cash and don't leave an address


DONE:
Put in resources everywhere
Fill in all FIXMEs
Policy note on commodity based currency
End of the Road movie
Put in "note" typesetting
Check quotes `` '' " \textquotesingle ?? \textquotedbl ??? and UTF-8 equivalents  --- UTF-8's typeset correctly
Add icons to infonote and policynote?
